AS3 Layout Manager
==================

About
-----

LayoutManager is a simple way to align and distribute displayObjects.
Use the place method with an <code>Align</code> and <code>arr</code> parameters.



Usage
-----

When using a LayoutManager instance (or it's "place" static instance), you must provide the alignment options and an array with the list of display objects to align/distribute. The first object in the Array will be used as reference to align all other objects.

Basic usage (Using the "place" global function, which acts as an static instance of LayoutManager):
	var sp1 :Sprite = new Sprite()
	var sp2 :Sprite = new Sprite()
	addChild(sp1)
	addChild(sp2)

	place(Align.DISTRIBUTE_RIGHT,[sp1, sp2]) 
	// will place sp2 by the right side of sp1 using the sp1.x + sp1.width as reference..


You can use also a Stage instance as a reference:
	place(Align.CENTER,[stage, sp])
	// will put the sp in the center of the stage. Be careful with object with read only properties.


Available alignment and distribution options are:
DISTRIBUTE_RIGHT, DISTRIBUTE_LEFT, DISTRIBUTE_UP, DISTRIBUTE_DOWN, RIGHT, LEFT, TOP, BOTTOM, CENTER, CENTER_HORIZONTAL, CENTER_VERTICAL and GRID 			


Additional Options
------------------

Using more than one Alignment property at once:
	place(Align.BOTTOM | Align.DISTRIBUTE_RIGHT,[sp1, sp2])
	// will put sp2 aligned by base and to the right side of sp1.


Grouping display objects
	place(Align.DISTRIBUTE_RIGHT,[sp1, [sp2, sp3]])
	// Will place sp2 and sp3 together to the right of sp1, but won't change sp3 position to the right side of sp2.

		 
License & Credits
-----------------

2009-10 Cássio S. Antonio
Based on the work by Igor Almeida (http://www.ialmeida.com) and Pedro Moraes (http://pedromoraes.net)

AS3 Layout Manager is released under the Open Source MIT license, which gives you the possibility to use it and modify it in every circumstance.